Brian Kern: Oh, here you can see me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, I'm sorry, people waiting. I didn't know that you have checked in and I just shut down my computer because I thought you were no shell. So I apologize.
Brian Kern: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, um, thanks for showing up on point to be doing your bio psychosocial I'll be talking about past and present history in some information. Um, so, and then at the end, what we'll do is we'll develop the treatment plan together. Okay, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let's start from the beginning. Brian, what, what brings you to seeking treatment now.
Brian Kern: Well, I was clean for a couple years. I'm like, I went to
Brian Kern: I got arrested, about four or five years ago, I went to jail for almost 15 months.
Brian Kern: And then I went to rehab after I got jail shortly after I got a rehab I relapse. I used twice.
Brian Kern: And that was
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Captured that time frame.
Brian Kern: That
Brian Kern: That was 2000
Brian Kern: It was 2018 cuz it would have been two years that I was clean. On January 21 of this year, but I relapsed right before then, and use a few times.
Brian Kern: And then that's why I'm seeking treatment now.
Brian Kern: Well, because I just moved to New Mexico. Six months ago and I wasn't really plugged in and like the mental health services here.
Brian Kern: So I couldn't get any of my like medication. So I was, I was like, extremely anxious, you know, and that's what led to me using using opiates again because I was so anxious I wasn't going to work every day and like just feeling terrible, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Diagnosis
Brian Kern: PTSD.
Brian Kern: And general anxiety generalized anxiety disorder.
Brian Kern: I was diagnosed with PTSD.
Brian Kern: Six years ago.
Brian Kern: Um, I was homeless, me and my twin brother are homeless together.
Brian Kern: And
Brian Kern: This this kids in front of dude basically like we were sleeping on benches, you know, so we're like really homeless, you know, and we were at these benches in Arlington, Virginia.
Brian Kern: Just, just like about to go to sleep. And this gets in front of dude asked my twin brother to put a cigarette out and my brother told them.
Brian Kern: Like, he was like, fuck you, you know, like he wasn't gonna put a cigarette out. So we went to sleep like we're on two separate benches right next to each other. We went to sleep and
Brian Kern: I will go up like three hours later and my right hand was hanging off and he had hit me in the face with a machete.
Brian Kern: And caught my eye out. And he tried to cut my head off.
So,
Brian Kern: Basically, uh, I was wandering down the street at that point bleeding to death and a cop cop having to drive by so I saved my life. My brother was alright to he got stabbed.
Brian Kern: Well yeah, I was diagnosed with PTSD after that.
Brian Kern: Yeah, it was pretty brutal
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did they catch the person, the homeless guy.
Brian Kern: Yeah, yeah, he got arrested a couple days later.
Brian Kern: And then I don't think I was really I wasn't really diagnosed with PTSD until cuz my twin brother died a month after that of overdose. We were in a we're in a homeless shelter.
Brian Kern: He, he died of an overdose, like right after the machete attack.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How did you guys become homeless as a result of your addiction.
Brian Kern: Um, yeah, I was I was definitely homeless as a result of my addiction, my brother actually wasn't homeless until like a couple weeks before that happened like he was living with somebody and he got he like got kicked out of there so
Brian Kern: So he yeah I guess you could say he was probably a homeless as a result of his addiction to but I was definitely a homeless as a result of my addiction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Tell me about that. How did you get to that point of homelessness.
Brian Kern: Um, well.
Brian Kern: Basically
Brian Kern: Um,
Brian Kern: I don't know, I guess like trying to think about it.
Brian Kern: Like I lived in a place because this was in Virginia. Like I lived in a place
Brian Kern: I had a townhouse like I was sharing with some people and then
Brian Kern: And then I started using again so I couldn't pay my bills.
Brian Kern: And I couldn't pay my rent.
Brian Kern: I was
Brian Kern: I was about 20 at the time.
Brian Kern: So,
Brian Kern: I was homeless for about six years.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So prior to that, when did the addiction start. How old were you when you first use any job.
Brian Kern: I was a when I first use any drugs.
Brian Kern: I was 15 when I first smoke weed.
Brian Kern: And then I tried smoking crack a little bit after that it was pretty quick. I got try and then I tried to hold
Brian Kern: I had a phase where I was doing like any drug. I could basically get, you know, I'm
Brian Kern: Doing a lot of ecstasy at one point.
Brian Kern: Was cocaine.
Brian Kern: And then when I was 18 is when I really discovered opiates.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How did you discover the opium.
Brian Kern: Um,
Brian Kern: My friends, I had a friend who asked me if I wanted to try shooting heroin and I was I just said, sure.
Brian Kern: You know,
Brian Kern: 18
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How long
Brian Kern: Until
Brian Kern: I mean, I was using ball time from that point until the machete attack.
Brian Kern: So I went to, I had to go to like court mandated mandated treatment. A couple times.
Brian Kern: Um, but I was still using like the whole time. Like I never got clean, pretty much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you recall how many times you sought out treatment for heart health. And what year
Brian Kern: Okay, so yeah. The first time I the first time I went to treatment. I was 19
Brian Kern: That was court mandated
Brian Kern: I went for a month.
Brian Kern: And then I had to go back to treatment to a three month program.
Brian Kern: About six months after that. So I was still 19
Brian Kern: And then
Brian Kern: I went to
Brian Kern: A couple years later, I don't remember exactly how old I was probably like 22 maybe I went to the place. Salvation Army treatment center for like a month.
Brian Kern: And then I got kicked out. So I got high in there and then
Brian Kern: And then I went to treatment.
Brian Kern: I went to. I went to treatment for two months, a year after the machete attack.
Brian Kern: So that I was 27 when I went to that.
Brian Kern: And then
Brian Kern: After that,
Brian Kern: You know, about four or five, four or five years ago, like four years ago when I got arrested.
Brian Kern: I went through.
Brian Kern: To jail and I went to treatment in jail.
Brian Kern: For nine months in jail.
Brian Kern: That was called the act unit that place helped me a lot, actually, like, that was the one treatment where I feel like I got a lot out of it.
Brian Kern: Even though I relapse after that. So then after I got out of jail that time I went to a place called Phoenix house.
Brian Kern: Which was the judge saying please house.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What worked well then that made that
That timestamp.
Brian Kern: What would you ask
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, you said, I think the X house the place that you went
Brian Kern: Back to unit.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The acting that you said that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That really helped you in your recovery. What was, yeah.
Definitely
Brian Kern: Um, I had a counselor in there. They're like, really helped me like
Brian Kern: Like get to like the bottom of why I was like using for so many years, and it just helped me like it was like one of those programs for you, like, people like
Brian Kern: Can find each other on their issues. And so, you know, I mean, and like, I don't know, I just felt like it really helped me a lot, you know, and like I really wanted to stay clean after that I was sick and tired of everything.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How long was that program.
Brian Kern: Oh, it was nine months long
Brian Kern: It was in the jail.
Brian Kern: When you were really yeah he
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relaxed again.
Brian Kern: Well, not right away when I was released from jail. I went right to another program called Phoenix house.
Brian Kern: For three months.
Brian Kern: Which I like that program to
Brian Kern: All those good, you know, and then I went to do
Brian Kern: So after Phoenix house. I went to a sober living that that that place ran called a
Brian Kern: What was it called
Brian Kern: I can't remember what it was called nothing about it.
Brian Kern: Called
Brian Kern: Oh yeah, it was like a sober living facility you know where you, like, get a job, and so, and I had a job when I went there.
Brian Kern: And then I i relapse.
Brian Kern: Basically, like there wasn't really anything to lead up to the relapse. It was just, I was hanging out with a couple friends from the act unit.
Brian Kern: And one of them got the idea that we should go get some some dough.
Brian Kern: And then we just send it off. It was like an idea that turned into like we were doing it, you know.
Brian Kern: And then after the first after that time I used I like I only used one other time.
Brian Kern: But I was obsessing about it the whole time. You know, I mean like in between up, you know, I was like obsessing about it and then
Brian Kern: The second time I used I overdose.
Brian Kern: And ended up in the hospital so
Brian Kern: So then I went back to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What was that
Brian Kern: That was two years ago. So yes, it was two years ago. That's why I was saying like, I would have been two years clean January 21 you know i mean what I use like right before then.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Find out about our program before you got here.
Brian Kern: Well,
Brian Kern: My, my wife actually found it because
Brian Kern: Wife found it because
Brian Kern: Because I relapse like
Brian Kern: You know, a little more than a month ago lead before I got no program, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relax, a month.
Brian Kern: I was just super because I couldn't get my like anxiety, like my PTSD meds because I was plugged into, like, I didn't have a doctor here. So I was super anxious, all the time. Yeah.
Brian Kern: And that's, that's what led me using heroin, because like I felt like that was the only thing that was going to take the edge off.
Brian Kern: Of like length it you know i mean
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Currently, no medication for your PTSD and anxiety.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I went to see a doctor like basically right when I am
Brian Kern: Right when I entered the bright heart health. I Asha. I also seeing another doctor now for the PTSD, so
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Therapists
Brian Kern: A site like not like a general health practitioner right now, but also they like or setting me up with the psychiatrists. It's like I'm selling
Brian Kern: I'm selling the power. I'm just starting
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, so like they it's taken a while to see a psychiatry. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you have a general practitioner, they can hook you up with the psychiatry is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To make sure that you take your medication.
Brian Kern: Um, yeah, there. I'm not really sure how it works. I just know like big gave me a prescription because I only take like I was taking a lot of medication before like I was taking like be used for own and
Brian Kern: Grab a pen and like position for nightmares and stuff, but I'm right now. The only thing I'm taking is the Gavin patent which which is helping you know like I'm not taking the abuse far or the position anymore.
Brian Kern: Yeah, but it still helps like it's still like I feel like more stable. Now, especially with the Suboxone to, you know,
Brian Kern: Haha
Brian Kern: So I'm 600 milligrams three times a day.
Brian Kern: So like I take one in the morning and then one in the afternoon and unwanted pregnancy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Ever hospitalized because you weren't ready to yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, what's our plan.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I got, um, well, I wasn't hospitalized. But the one my brother died, they
Brian Kern: The Dodgers made me go to like it was like, kinda like a psych psychiatric hospital but it wasn't. I only know how to describe it. It was like
Brian Kern: It was like almost like a rehab center but for like mental health. It was weird.
Brian Kern: I was there for like two weeks.
Brian Kern: Yeah, they like
Brian Kern: Like six years ago, like basically like right after my brother died like after the machete attack and everything.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I have an older sister.
Brian Kern: Yeah, she's like two years older than me.
She also have an addiction is doing.
Brian Kern: No, no. Yeah, she doesn't have addiction problems or anything like that.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I'm not really in contact with her.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Explore among those relationships little later on. Do you have any current thoughts of wanting to harm yourself or harm anyone else.
Brian Kern: No, no, no.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are you up to date with your blue pneumonia and meningitis vaccine.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: won't kick you out. You're fine, so I'm PTSD, anxiety, taking the Galloping any other mental health or medical diagnosis that we should be aware
Brian Kern: Of Well doctor can handle knows I have I have hepatitis C.
Brian Kern: Yeah, that's something that
Brian Kern: That's something that I'm going to talk to my general practitioner about
Brian Kern: I go and see them.
Brian Kern: I go and see them like a week so
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's your relationship like with your parents. Something about being homeless and twin brother.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Talk to me.
Brian Kern: Well, my
Brian Kern: My mother, my mother's dead. She died cancer when I was 19
Brian Kern: So yeah, like basically right around the time I was like really getting into shooting heroin is when she died.
Brian Kern: Yeah. And then my father like we didn't really have a good relationship at all. Um, but
Brian Kern: I have like been talking or more for the last probably, like, ever since I got out of jail, you know,
Brian Kern: So we've been talking like I visited them a couple times. Just something like that. So like that's like good like the stuff with my dad is good. Now, but it wasn't, then you know i mean
Brian Kern: Like it wasn't when I was using, you know, I mean, and like he doesn't know about the relapses I've had like the two relapses I've had over the last four years, like he doesn't know about any of that.
Brian Kern: Really, I don't want them to know
Brian Kern: But I mean, stuff like the sofa him is good now. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's your relationship like with your mom.
Brian Kern: We're, we're close. You know my growing up.
Brian Kern: She didn't like it when I started doing heroin, like she knew and wasn't happy about it. But like she she was really sick. You know, I mean, and
Brian Kern: And
Brian Kern: She didn't like
Brian Kern: You know she, I mean, she was dying so
Brian Kern: You know, I kind of, I mean, I kind of use the heroin to cope with that because it was pretty hard.
Brian Kern: You know, like I say, I was probably why I started using so heavily at that point.
Brian Kern: But like growing up and everything we were pretty close. You know, like out of like my parents like I was definitely will be closer with her, you know, I mean,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Clearly, based on what you said you had a close relationship with your brother.
Brian Kern: And
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your sister, the relationship with your sister growing up when you guys close. What did the separation start like
Brian Kern: What's my sister. Yes. Yeah. We are never close growing up really at all, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any addiction in your family you
Brian Kern: Know, yeah. My know they like my dad was like doesn't never drink beer. Anything you know i mean like I don't think he's ever really drank my mom.
Brian Kern: I don't think so. You know, I mean, but
Brian Kern: Like she wasn't added when I was growing up, but I think like she was like a 16th child. So I know she like smokes weed and stuff when she was younger and stuff like that. But like she was, she was never to my knowledge, and we
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your spouse, she have an addiction. History
Brian Kern: She has like a history, you know, like, you know, she like me and her actually when we were younger we used to use together like when I was like 1819 like me and her actually used together and then like when I was homeless, you know, she was doing the whole
Brian Kern: Like anything you know i mean
Brian Kern: And she was in that for like seven years and then she's not in it anymore. But she doesn't. She doesn't use or orange drink or like anything like that. I'm like, she kind of attributed her use to like mental health stuff.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean like
Brian Kern: A you know I don't really know to be honest with you.
Brian Kern: I think just like anxiety and stuff like that.
Brian Kern: You know, I don't know for sure.
Brian Kern: What
Brian Kern: A year and a half now. So
Brian Kern: Yeah, about a year and a half.
You should take medication.
Brian Kern: Yeah. Not currently.
Brian Kern: How long has she been sober.
Brian Kern: Probably about nine years.
Brian Kern: Do you have any children.
Brian Kern: No, we don't have any kids.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How would you describe describe your relationship with your spouse.
Brian Kern: Go, we're like extremely close yeah you know i mean like extremely close
Brian Kern: We're like best friends. You know, I mean,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You said you only high school
Brian Kern: Yeah, we know each other since we were teenagers.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you live with on besides your wife. Anyone else that's in the home with you.
Brian Kern: Know, yeah. It's just us.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was the highest level of education.
Brian Kern: I have like a semester of college, you know, but, uh,
Brian Kern: I dropped. I dropped out like I was at school and I was like 18 right after high school and then I dropped out because I was doing too many drugs.
Brian Kern: And then I actually tried going back
Brian Kern: I actually started taking college courses again like a couple years ago.
Brian Kern: But I also was working and I was in an outpatient program.
Brian Kern: Like outpatient addiction program. So like it was hard juggling, all that stuff. So I stopped going to my classes so but yeah I have so like I have some college credits you know I graduated high school
Brian Kern: Yeah, that's, that's a nice little education right now.
Brian Kern: Yeah, yeah. I worked at a I worked at long john Silver's. It's like a fast food fish place. It's just disgusting. I don't know why people eat there.
Brian Kern: This is nasty. But yeah, I was
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like only two that's left in Miami. I remember back in the day. That was the spot and now
Brian Kern: Like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One or two. I'm shocked when I see
Brian Kern: Yeah, it's, yeah. I mean, actually, right now we're like really busy because of Lent, you know, um, you know, when people like like Catholics, I guess, eat fish, you know, I mean,
Yeah.
Brian Kern: But yeah, I mean that's that's what I'm working now. I don't like it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I remember you talking about the co worker.
That's a yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you have any legal problems.
Brian Kern: I'm on probation. I get off in about four or five get off, I'll be off in about five months.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's the charge charged yeah yeah probation for
Brian Kern: Possession of heroin. Okay.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I'm actually after I finished the probation, they dropped my my charge to a misdemeanor. So that's pretty cool. I haven't violated or anything, even though I've relapsed
Brian Kern: I've gotten pretty lucky with my police officers like they're all understanding itself. You know, so
Brian Kern: And when I relapsed to both these times, like I didn't really go off the deep end. I just use like a couple times. So they, you know, they've been understanding well
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are your hobbies with
Brian Kern: Video games. Yeah.
Brian Kern: Yeah, that's like basically like my only hobby. I'm actually trying to turn it into a career right now.
Brian Kern: Oh, that's like what I've been doing besides is working is like, that's what I'm trying to do. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are your current stressors in your relationship, you just do, like, what's, what's your current stress.
Brian Kern: Honestly, right now I say my only current stressor is work you know i mean i'm
Brian Kern: My, you know, my boss is kind of a dick and like this guy that I'm working with is like any high in the bathroom and stuff and and just like asshole customers. You know, like, I'd have to say like, I mean that's like literally like my only stress or, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: That's like why I really want to find somewhere else to work. Yeah.
Well,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you stress. How do you cope with that. What is your coping mechanism to isolate yourself you talk to people like yourself was like, you're going to play.
Brian Kern: Oh well, stress play. I'll talk to my wife about it a lot.
Brian Kern: You know, I'll just like basically I'll just
Brian Kern: You know, like if I'm really stressed out word like I come home and just relax you know i mean i'm
Brian Kern: You know, I just, like, deal with it. You know, I mean like before, like if you asked me like a couple months ago, like I, you know, when I was stressed, I would like freak out, you know, I mean, just because like I didn't know how to handle it.
Brian Kern: But like now over the past like month like since I feel more stable. It's just, it's been easier to deal with, you know, like, it sucks, but it
Brian Kern: Is still just easier to deal with now.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean that's literally like
Brian Kern: The one thing that's like pissing me off all my life right now it's just where I work. Yeah, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What do you have any challenges with long term or short term.
Brian Kern: No, I don't think so. Yeah, I don't think I have any problems.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And maybe you mentioned it, but I still feel a little uncertain about
Homelessness for the period of six years.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Before everything happened.
Brian Kern: Before everything happened before I became homeless. I was living with
Brian Kern: I had a girlfriend at the time that I was living with and my brother. I was living with my brother to and and then his, his wife.
Brian Kern: And then like a bunch of stuff happened like
Brian Kern: Like
Brian Kern: Like basically just
Brian Kern: Like I started you like basically like so like my girlfriend, the time moved out like we really like broken up. It wasn't like a bad breakup. We just kind of like separated. You know, I mean, and then I started using after that.
Brian Kern: You know cuz I was working at the airport at the time and I had money. So I was just like, might as well get high. You know, and then, and then I quit my job. Shortly after that, you know,
Brian Kern: And then like literally at the same time, like my brother's wife like left them.
Brian Kern: So like I was using then he started using with me and then
Brian Kern: Um, you know, somebody else moved in the house. It was getting high. And like we paid the bills for a little bit and then we stopped paying the bills and basically we all got evicted And then that's when I became homeless, you know, so this is using drugs.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm going to go over the treatment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Plan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Weekly, and any individual session scheduled. So thank you for showing up today and sharing this information with me and trust me with this information while you're in group or while you're in the program will be working on developing a business plan. And so what foods.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are they executed techniques such as cognitive behavioral therapy Dialectical Behavioral Therapy relaxation mindfulness technique.
Brian Kern: As
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well as helping you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Define what your triggers are, you know, either triggers in your relationships emotional triggers person, places and things that nature and then identifying those triggers helping you to cope restrict
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In the event they get discharged from the program, whether it's voluntary because you choose to or involuntary because of non compliance with the program expectations.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I would encourage you to get connected right away, whether it's through na program coming back to us on another program that can best teaching because research.
Brian Kern: Shows is she
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relaxed, you get connected right away to a program, it decreases the risk for relaxing again. Continuing on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Also, the longer they stay sober. I'm pretty sure where the longer you stay sober, the more of a fighting chance you have to wait that relax.
Brian Kern: Yeah, support you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In that in that goal is really short term or long term goals that you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That you want to add
Brian Kern: Well, I guess it pertains to like treatment. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All raw will say anything dealing with your personal life, whether it's school education and then you mentioned that you want to find another job. That would be a short term goal.
Brian Kern: Okay, yeah.
Brian Kern: So that like finding a job also trying to get my driver's license.
Brian Kern: Other than that, I don't know that that's about it right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I want to think about personal goals professional goals.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's a good start any long term goals.
Brian Kern: Yeah, my long term goal right now is is saying like, I'm trying to turn
Brian Kern: Turn, turn my hobby into a career, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: So that's
Brian Kern: That's like my long term goal right now is to do that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You have any questions about the program.
Brian Kern: I don't think so. None that I can think of.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Plan is a part of your chart you can review it through your portal at any time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let me just make sure I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: covered everything again to buy when you wait in a long time.
Brian Kern: For me, no. No, I wasn't.
Brian Kern: I was waiting longer and for the actual check in, like when I tried to check in. Yeah, I was waiting longer for that. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then he was like, no.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I didn't see anything and I happened to look at my phone and I saw that you actually like oh my gosh, I had to start my computer is going slow. So
Brian Kern: I would like to respect people's time so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I right so I have everything that's needed, um, until you get set up with a therapist. Would you be interested in seeing me to therapy, whether it be once a week or every other week, just so that you have some type of intervention therapeutic intervention. And so you
Brian Kern: Know, can we do like once a week.
So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I have next week Tuesday. The third available at four, five or 6pm and then I have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wednesday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, you know what, you got a group on Tuesdays. Right.
Brian Kern: Yeah, yeah, you're right, I forgot about that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So Wednesday I have six o'clock available on Wednesday six o'clock. Okay.
Brian Kern: Yeah, once a six perfect write
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Down. How do you keep track of your appointments
Brian Kern: I put them in my calendar on my phone. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm lucky down for Wednesday, March for at six o'clock.
Brian Kern: Okay, thank you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thank you. You have a good night.
Brian Kern: You to have a good one. Bye.
Brian Kern: Bye.